More information about replication. Fixes #346 (#349)
apache/couchdb-documentation: src/replication/intro.rst

the destination database and all documents that were deleted in the source
databases are also deleted on the destination database (if they even existed).

Transient and Persistant Replication
====================================

There are two different ways to set up a replication. The first one that was
introduced into CouchDB leads do a replication that could be called `transient`.
Transient means that there are no documents backing up the replication. So after a
restart of the CouchDB server the replication will disapear. Later, the
:ref:`_replicator <replicator>` database was introduced, which keeps documents
containing your replication parameter. Such a replication can be called `persisent`.

> Trancient replications were kept for backward compatibility. Both replications can

Reviewer: Misspelling of "Transient"

have different :ref:`replication states <replicator/states>`.

Triggering, Stopping and Monitoring Replications
================================================

A Replication which is persistent is controlled through a document in the
:ref:`_replicator <replicator>` database, where each document describes one
replication process (see :ref:`replication-settings`). For setting up a
replication that is transient the api endpoint
:ref:`/_replicate <api/server/replicate>` can be used. A replication is triggered
by sending a JSON object either to the ``_replicate`` endpoint or storing it as a
document into the ``_replicator`` database.

If a replication is currently performed its status can be inspected through the
active tasks API (see :ref:`api/server/active_tasks`, :ref:`replication-status`
and :ref:`api/server/_scheduler/jobs` ).

For document based-replications, :ref:`api/server/_scheduler/docs` can be used to
get a complete state summary. This API is preferred as it will show the state of the
replication document before it becomes a replication job.

> For transient replications there is no way to query their state when the job is

Reviewer: Is there a newline missing here?

the destination database and all documents that were deleted in the source
databases are also deleted on the destination database (if they even existed).

Transient and Persistant Replication
====================================

> There are two different kinds of setting up a replication. The first one that was

Reviewer 2: Improve awkward wording/grammar:

```suggestion
There are two different ways to set up a replication. The first one that was
```

> introduced into CouchDB leads do a replication that could be called `trancient`.

Reviewer 2: Spelling correction

```suggestion
introduced into CouchDB leads do a replication that could be called `transient`.
```

> Trancient means that there are no documents backing up the replication. So after a

Reviewer 2: Spelling correction:

```suggestion
Transient means that there are no documents backing up the replication. So after a
```

> restart of the CouchDB server the replication will disapear. Later in time the

Reviewer 2: "Later in time" is redundant

```suggestion
restart of the CouchDB server the replication will disapear. Later, the
```

> :ref:`_replicator <replicator>` database was introduced which keeps documents

Reviewer 2: Grammatical improvement:

```suggestion
:ref:`_replicator <replicator>` database was introduced, which keeps documents
```

> containing your replication parameter. Such a replication can be called `persisent`.

Reviewer 2: Spelling corrections:

```suggestion
containing your replication parameters. Such a replication can be called `persistent`.
```

> Trancient and persistent replications can have different

Reviewer 2: Spelling correction:

```suggestion
Transient and persistent replications can have different
```

:ref:`replication states <replicator/states>`.

The reason there are two is because transient ones where implemented first and
were kept for backwards compatibility and are actually useful in some cases when

> programmatically creating replication jobs.

Reviewer 2: Can this paragraph be eliminated? It's mostly redundant from the previous paragraph. Maybe above just add a note that the transient replications were preserved for backward compatibility.

Triggering, Stopping and Monitoring Replications
================================================

> A Replication which is persistent is controlled through a document in the

Reviewer 2: capitalization improvement, and edit for conciseness:

```suggestion
A persistent replication is controlled through a document in the
```

Reviewer 2: *

:ref:`_replicator <replicator>` database, where each document describes one
replication process (see :ref:`replication-settings`). For setting up a

> replication that is transient the api endpoint

Reviewer 2: conciseness:

```suggestion
transient replication the api endpoint
```

Reviewer 2: *

:ref:`/_replicate <api/server/replicate>` can be used. A replication is triggered
by sending a JSON object either to the ``_replicate`` endpoint or storing it as a
document into the ``_replicator`` database.

> If a replication is currently performed its status can be inspected through the

Reviewer 2: Edit for accuracy--the status can be checked regardless of whether it is currently running.

```suggestion
A replication's status can be inspected through the
```

Reviewer 2: *

Reviewer 2: You are correct. Let's use this wording instead:

```suggestion
If a replication is currently running, its status can be inspected through the
```

active tasks API (see :ref:`api/server/active_tasks`, :ref:`replication-status`

> and :ref:`api/server/_scheduler/jobs` ).

Reviewer 2: Remove unnecessary space:

```suggestion
and :ref:`api/server/_scheduler/jobs`).
```

Reviewer 2: *

> For document based replications :ref:`api/server/_scheduler/docs` can be used to

Reviewer 2: Grammatical improvements:

```suggestion
For document based-replications, :ref:`api/server/_scheduler/docs` can be used to
```
